Deprecate uncertified signer registration (#617)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/root/manual/getting-started/run-signer-node.md

:::

### Stable mode: Certify your Pool Id

In this mode, you declare your Cardano `Operational Certificate` file and `KES Secret Key` file which allows to:

* Compute automatically the `PoolId`
* Verify that you are the owner of the `PoolId`, and thus of the associated stakes used by Mithril protocol
* Verify that you are the owner of the Mithril `Signer Secret Key`, and thus allowed to contribute to the multi-signatures and certificate production of the Mithril network

This mode is displayed with a specific **Stable** mention in this document.

### Deprecated mode: Declare your Pool Id

> In this stable mode, the Cardano `Pool Id` that you specify is not strictly verified. It is associated to Cardano stakes based on your declaration. This mode is soon to be deprecated and replaced by the certification mode below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this mode, the Cardano `Pool Id` that you specify is not strictly verified. It is associated to Cardano stakes based on your declaration. This mode is deprecated and replaced by the certification mode above.
```

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:

> This is the default mode presented in the setup of this document, it is displayed with a specific **Deprecated** mention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mode is presented in the setup of this document with a specific **Deprecated** mention.
```

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:
